morse
=====

Morse is a simple Adobe AIR application for monitoring multiple Gmail accounts. You can monitor 
your regular gmail.com account and any Gmail for Your Domain account.

It uses Gmail's Atom feeds (e.g. https://mail.google.com/mail/feed/atom) served over HTTPS do
determine how many unread conversations are in your inbox.

Usage
-----
When running the application for the first time, you'll be asked to enter the account details
for the first account you want to monitor. All credentials for the accounts are encrypted and 
stored on the local machine.

You can add more accounts by clicking the '+' at the top left of the window. Overall settings
can be altered by clicking the gear to the right of the '+'.

To edit the details of an account, click the button in front of it. Click the Edit button to
save the changes or click cancel to cancel. Click the icon in the lower right corner to delete
the account.

Clicking the name of the account will fire up your browser and redirect you to your inbox (that 
is _if_ you're signed in to Gmail in the browser).

Click the number of unread conversations on the right of the account name to set the ignore 
settings for that account. You can pick one of the following:

- Do not ignore messages:
	Default option.
- Ignore all new messages: 
	Stop monitoring the account
- Ignore messages received up till now: 
	Reset the unread counter to zero. Only messages that you'll receive from now on will be
	shown
	
Morse will check each account (unless the account should be ignored) for new conversations
every 2 minutes.
	

Missing features
----------------

01. Morse will not show you the subject or contents of an email - it only shows you how many
	unread conversations you're dealing with
	
02. Morse only monitors the inbox for unread conversations. However, it's relatively easy to
	add functionality to monitor labels for new messages since there's an Atom feed for each
	label. The code is free (MIT License), so have at it :)
	
03. Unread conversations. Gmail tells you how many unread threads or conversations you've got
	waiting for you, not how many unread messages. Therefor, Morse does the same.